How to Write Good

Remember to never split an infinitive.

The passive voice should never be used.

Do not put statements in the negative form.

A verb has to agree with their subjects.

Proofread carefully to see if you words out.

If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal of
repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.

A writer must not shift your point of view.

And don't start a sentence with a conjunction.

Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with.

Don't overuse exclamation marks!!!!!!!!!

Place pronouns as close as possible, especially in long sentences, as
of ten or more words, to their antecedents.

Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.

If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.

Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing metaphors.

Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.

Everyone should be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns
in their writing.

Always pick on the correct idiom.

The adverb always follows the verb.

Eschew obfuscation.

Avoid cliches like the plague; they're old hat.

Avoid alliteration.  Always.

Employ the vernacular.

Stay away from ampersands & abbreviations, etc.

Parenthetical remarks (however relevant) are unnecessary.

Contractions aren't necessary.

Foreign words and phrases are not apropos.

One should never generalize.

Eliminate quotations. As Ralph Waldo Emerson once said: 
"I hate quotations. Tell me what you know."

Comparisons are as bad as cliches.

Don't be redundant; don't more use words than necessary; 
it's highly superfluous.

Profanity sucks.

Be more or less specific.

Understatement is always best.

Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
       
One-word sentences?  Eliminate.

Analogies in writing are like feathers on a snake.

Go around the barn at high noon to avoid colloquialisms.

Even if a mixed metaphor sings, it should be derailed.

Who needs rhetorical questions?

